Update Default Username in Manage the Root User on Astronomer Software (#1804)
astronomer/docs: software/manage-root-user.md

---
title: 'Manage the Astronomer Software root user'
sidebar_label: 'Manage the root user'
id: manage-root-user
description: Learn how to manage the root user role with all permissions on Astronomer Software
---

> When you install Astronomer Software, a root user with the username `root` and all permissions is automatically created. The password for the `root` user is stored as a Kubernetes secret on your Astronomer Software installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you install Astronomer Software, a root user with the username `root` and all permissions is automatically created. The password for the root user is stored as a Kubernetes secret on your Astronomer Software installation.
```

## Log in as the root user

1. Run the following command to retrieve the default password created by Astronomer: 

    ```sh
    kubectl get secret astronomer-root-admin-credentials -o jsonpath='{.data.password}' -n <your-platform-namespace> | base64 --decode
    ```

2. Log in to your Astronomer Software instance with the root username and password.

## Customize the root user's password

> You can create a custom root user password to limit access to the root user account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might want to use a custom root user password to ensure that someone who has recently left your organization no longer has access to the root user.
```
The original wording is more precise. The reason you would want to change the password is to cut somebody off who previously had access. Changing it without this context wouldn't limit access in and of itself.
